A complete history of the Knura system

 The Knura system has seen two distinct periods of bombardment.  The first was in the systems infancy, several million years ago.  At this point Knura still had its original planetary debris disk, and Gloth, Basil, Lema and Ollagander had only just begun to form.  
 Two protoplanets collided at incredible speeds just outside of Knuras SOI, showering the outer system with high-velocity ejecta.  The second was very recent in geological timespans, taking place only 5000 years ago, and saw the entire system experience a heavy bombardment
 of ice/rock comets.  This latter event ultimately gave rise to Knuras current ring-system.  

 Despite its highly kerbin-like atmosphere, Knura is currently biologically inert.  Instead, its core is a rolling pot of primoridal chemical reactions that produce an array of strange compounds, which just so happen to produce a breathable atmosphere.  
 The lighter compounds, being nitrogen, oxygen, CO2 and H2O, rise to the surface, dragging along some larger volatile compounds.  

 Hop and Skip are captured comets that were small and rocky enough to not be torn apart by Knuras gravity.  they're covered in accreted ice from Knuras rings.  Skip has some splotches of hydrocarbon dust on top of its snow later - this originated from Gloth,
 and was ejected during the impact that produced Rene crater.  

 (Gloth gets the good lore because its my favorite)  
 In the distant past, Gloth sported a much thinner, clearer atmosphere, and an environment that just barely fell short of being able to host life.  As such, instead of hosting a biotic ecosystem, it hosted a chemical one - A vast and interdependant systems of 
 complex molecules that just barely fell short of the complexity need to be considered living.  This changed after the impact event that created Rene crater - This event vaporised water ice and burnt off hydrocarbon compounds, resulting in the formation of Gloths
 current thick atmosphere.  This in turn cut down the amount of energy available to the moons chemical ecosystem, effectively "killing" it, and leaving the surface of the world covered in an inert chemical soup.  
 In the centuries just prior to the impact, in the warmer depths of the Sargasso and Omarion Seas, the conditions for the formation of true, biotic life were met.  This took two forms - the Sargasso Sea gave rise to fungus-like organism which was hardy enough to
 stray out of the warm depths, while the chemical ecosystem of the Omarion Sea achieved the complexity of life as a whole, essentially forming a vast, but incredibly fragile, living primordial soup.  The cooling that followed the impact effected the Omarion Sea 
 lifeform far more than the Sargasso Sea fungii - while the fungii was eventally able to colonise the land and form the Shrump glades that cover Gloths surface today, the Omarion Sea lifeform has remained tied to the warmer depths of its home, shifting betwen a 
 living and inert state as the temperature rises and falls.  (Unless its otherwise stated in the lore idfk), the Mystery Goo is infact a small sample of the Omarion Sea Lifeform. 

 (Chople also gets fun lore because i like it too)
 Chople formed as a result of the protoplantary collision that caused the first heavy bombardment.  While a large amount of the collision ejecta passed through the outer limbs of the Knura system, some of it came back together under its own gravity and formed a glassy 
 spheroid that eventally settled in Knuras orbit.  Due to its unusual composition, Chople didn't form any typical craters during the second bombardment event.  Instead, whenever an impact was powerful enough to break the tempered surface, entire continent-sized "flakes" would
 shatter along fault lines and blow off as dust, leaving behind  distinctive "knapped" scars.  The Craggle was formed by an asteroid that carried enough energy to melt the glass at the impact side before it could fracture, resulting in the formation of a lava river and lake.  
 Over time this cooled, resolidified, and formed the feature as it appears today.  

 Due to Basils large size and prodominantly rocky composition, it retained a large amount of the heat of its formation, giving it a brief period of geological activity after its crust had solidified.  The main surviving evidence
 of this is the Mare Lamenta, which was a former lava lake.  
 The one point of significant interest on Basil are the Mare Lamenta Blueberries.  Despite their rocky appearance, these are actually distance relative of the Sargasso Sea fungii, having been carried to Basil during an ancient panspermia event.  Their live almost entirely
 below Basils surface, but reproduce by forming rocky fruiting bodies that detatch, roll away through the release of compressed gas, and take root once they've found a fresh patch of land.  They can only be found on the Mare Lamenta due to it being one of the few places 
 that still has the mineral-rich surface that the fruiting bodies need to take root.  

 Ollagander is composed of a mixture of water ice and fine stone dust, giving it a clay-like consistency.  In its ancient past is sported a surface-wide ice sheet, however most of this was vaporised off during the bombardment event, leaving behind just the polar icecaps.  
 The significant impacts that formed the seven largest craters all came within quick succession, giving rise to a brief geological period where Ollaganders outer surface was soft enough to be "thrown" by its own rotation, resulting in the formation of its equatorial bulge.  
 In time Ollaganders surface cooled back down and rehardened, freezing the bulge in place.  

 Lema is almost entirely out of the same strange substance that makes up Eves oceans.  It was one of the first moons to take shape around Knura, and given that it is so distance, it is the only one that bares evidence of impacts from the first heavy bombardment, 
 in the form of deep, continent-sized craters.  Althought it cannot be seen from the surface, its core is made up of the glassy reminants of these ancient impacts.  The tiny amount of heat that these chunks retain is just enough to keep Lemas deepest valleys slushy.  
 Over the millenia that followed, and especially during the second bombardment event, countless impacts that smashed the moons surface up into tiny, icy particles, which have settled into mountains of glassy scree and valleys of wet slush.  They have also resulted 
 in the formation of a fine, thin ring.  

 Run is, simply put, the result of two second bombardment event asteroids smashing into each other and getting themselves caught in Knuras orbit.  They young enough to have missed the worst of the bombardment themselves, and so are relativelt clean and uncratered.  
 The sub-satellites are named Dart and Dash.  

 Hilli and Sixle are the cores of the two protoplanets that collided in Knuras early history, and which caused the first heavy bombardment.  Due to the collison being more or less dead-on, the cores ended up with almost no speed relative to each other or Knura, resulting
 in them falling into a tight binary orbit around each other, and into a wide orbit around Knura.  Due to their age, their surfaces have been larged blasted clean of any remaining rock, giving them their almost polished metallic appearances.  Sixle is made up primarily out 
 of iron and chromium, giving it a composition very close to stainless steel.  This is what gives it its distincting black petina in its deeper Valleys.  Hilli is composed primarily out of copper, but with a trace mineral impurity that causes it to favor the formation of 
 the metals reddish-brown petina, rather than it green one.  
 Thanks to their solid metal composition, both bodies are free from deep impact craters.  The one exception to this is the large crater near Sixles north pole.  (Please forgive the author for jumping the shark but i had to include something like this) This was caused by the 
 impact of an extra-terrestrial probe, which can still be found in the centre of the impact site.  



 The naming joke

 All of the names of the bodies in this mod come in pairs, or triplets, with a shared theme.  This is probably most obvious with Hop and Skip, and Dart and Dash, but the other pairs are a bit more oesoteric.   

 - Knura forms the first of two triples, with Hilli and Sixle.  This is exceedingly niche, but these correspond to the names given within Gnostisism to the three kinds of spiritualistic people.  Hylics (Hilli) 
 have no spirituality, psychics (Sixle) possess some spirituality, and pneumatics (Knura) are the most spiritual.  I was watching a lot of ReligionForBreakfast at the time.  This is ever-so-slightly reflected in 
 there colours too - Hilli is the darkest and most earthy, Sixle is brighter and shinier, but still marred, and Knura is, literally, as bright as a clear and bright as the daytime sky.  

 - Hop and Skip are, obviously, synonyms of each other.  They are also just "a hop and a skip away" during their closest orbital approaches.    

 - Gloth pairs with Lema, as is Goth and Emo.  Gloth was the first body i named, before i'd thought of this paired names joke, and to my shame i used chatGPT to give me ideas. It suggested a constant stream of 
 terrible names before finally spitting out that word - Gloth.  For a gassy moon wrapped in a cloth-like atmosphere, it really seemed to fit.  Little did i realise that, in the game Skyrim, there is a random NPC 
 farmer just outside of Whiterun named, you guessed it, Gloth.  I can't say for certain if, when i grilled chatGPT with the search terms "VIDEOGAMES" and "WEIRD NAMES" that it put those ideas together and literally pulled
 a weird name verbatim from a videogame roster, but it doesn't seem totally impossible.  

 - Chople pairs with Run, as in Chappelle Roan.  I don't know why i did this, i don't even listen to Chappelle Roan.  I do kind of just like her though.  Shes fun.  

 - Run is the only body that is in two groups, forming the second triplet with its own sub-satellites - Dart and Dash.  These are of course synonyms for running.  It also fits because Run is on the most elliptical orbit of 
 all Knuras moons - during its closest approach, it is moving so quickly that you can clearly see Knura moving through the sky in real time.  

 - Finally, Basil pairs with Ollagander, as in Basil and Corriander.  The other pairings are either both real words, or both contorted, made up words.  I wanted at least one of the pairs to be a mixture of both, to kind of throw
 off any attempts to guess which two go other.  I picked Basil first because, in my opinion, it just seems to fit in well next to the canon names in the Kerbol system.  Ollagander was a bit of a stretch of the imaginations, but i 
 feel it has a decent ring to it.  It sounds big and interesting, which is ironic because the moon is infact small and grey.  
